Fix image repo mirroring step order (#27270)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-mirror-repository.adoc

<1> Specify the full path, including the initial forward slash (/) character.

. Mirror the version images to the internal container registry:

> +

Author: If the note is intended to be an admonition for the whole "Mirror the version images..." step, then this is a way to do so that keeps the note at the same level as this step.

Otherwise, if the note is only intended to comment on the "Record the entire `imageContentSources`..." step, then it could just be a simple `+` without the wrapping `--` open block.

... Record the entire `imageContentSources` section from the output of the previous
command. The information about your mirrors is unique to your mirrored repository, and you must add the `imageContentSources` section to the `install-config.yaml` file during installation.
--
+
[NOTE]
====

> The image name gets patched to Quay.io during the mirroring process, and the podman images will show Quay.io in the registry on the bootstrap virtual machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some image names, including the `podman` image, are patched to contain `quay.io` during the mirroring process and include `quay.io` in the registry.
```

I looked at source issue for this note, and I think that this might be more accurate. (You don't always have a bootstrap _vm_.)

Author: Now that I see the original issue was referring simply to the `podman images` command, I've dropped its mention as it's not really  necessary. Went with:

"Some image names are patched during the mirroring process to include `quay.io` as the source registry."
